What is NestJS?
Nest.js is a Node.js framework designed for crafting efficient, reliable, and scalable
server-side applications.


Problem solved by NestJS
It addresses maintianing consistancy by  incorporating software engineering design patterns like SOLID and
Dependency Injection.

The structured way of having the codebase helps us in focusing on features rather than freedom on implementing project structure.


Built on top of Express and TypeScript, it adopts Node.js and
Angular design patterns to provide a cohesive development experience.

The framework’s architecture embraces decorators and dependency injection, patterns
borrowed from Angular, to facilitate better code organization and reusability.


How was NestJS created?
1.) The architecture came about as an inspiration from Angular which is a frontend platform.
2.) Transferring this idea to the server side allowed for the broad utilization of a familiar architecture that incorporates Nest. js-specific elements like
modules, dependency injection, providers, and custom decorators.
3.) helps in easier transition for developers familiar with Angular framework.

Why use NestJS?
If one wants to build a server-side application with TypeScript and nodejs. Next js is the best bet.
Nest.js employs strong typing and decorators.
also employs Elements intrinsic toTypeScript, thus aligning closely with TypeScript principles.

It also supports Dependency Injection out-of-the-box, encouraging a modular, scalable architecture.

It also supports developers who have build client side applications using Angular to migrate with less difficultlearning curve.

Nest.js enables you to construct various backend services like as follows
1.) from RESTful APIs
2.) GraphQL endpoints 
3.) MVC applications
4.) WebSockets

It can be used for builing large scale applications using monolithic and microservices architecture seemlessly

Nest.js provides native integrations with a host of external tools like Mongoose for
MongoDB, TypeORM for various databases including Postgres, and many more

Benefits:
1.) Easier learning curve for developers with experience with Angular. Seemless transition from frontend to backend.
2.) NestJS developer principles are easy to understand and developer friendly
3.) Benefit from the framework’s focus on good architecture and fast
development.

Use Cases
1.) Building microservices
2.) Buidling API with RESTful and GraphQL architectures
3.) WebSocket programming

